<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [puppeteer](./puppeteer.md) &gt; [Puppeteer](./puppeteer.puppeteer.md) &gt; [connect](./puppeteer.puppeteer.connect.md)

## Puppeteer.connect() method

This method attaches Puppeteer to an existing browser instance.

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
connect(options: BrowserOptions & {
        browserWSEndpoint?: string;
        browserURL?: string;
        transport?: ConnectionTransport;
        product?: string;
    }): Promise<Browser>;
```

## Parameters

|  Parameter | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  options | BrowserOptions &amp; { browserWSEndpoint?: string; browserURL?: string; transport?: ConnectionTransport; product?: string; } | Set of configurable options to set on the browser. |

<b>Returns:</b>

Promise&lt;[Browser](./puppeteer.browser.md)<!-- -->&gt;

Promise which resolves to browser instance.

## Remarks

Options can have the following fields:

- x `browserWSEndpoint` a browser websocket endpoint to connect to. - g `browserURL` a browser url to connect to, in format `http://${host}:${port}`<!-- -->. Use interchangeably with `browserWSEndpoint` to let Puppeteer fetch it from \[metadata endpoint\](https://chromedevtools.github.io/devtools-protocol/\#how-do-i-access-the-browser-target). - d `ignoreHTTPSErrors` Whether to ignore HTTPS errors during navigation. Defaults to `false`<!-- -->. - f `defaultViewport` Sets a consistent viewport for each page. Defaults to an 800x600 viewport. `null` disables the default viewport. - `width` page width in pixels. - `height` page height in pixels. - `deviceScaleFactor` Specify device scale factor (can be thought of as dpr). Defaults to `1`<!-- -->. - `isMobile` Whether the `meta viewport` tag is taken into account. Defaults to `false`<!-- -->. - `hasTouch` Specifies if viewport supports touch events. Defaults to `false` - `isLandscape` Specifies if viewport is in landscape mode. Defaults to `false`<!-- -->. - `slowMo` Slows down Puppeteer operations by the specified amount of milliseconds. Useful so that you can see what is going on. - `transport` \*\*Experimental\*\* Specify a custom transport object for Puppeteer to use. - `product` Possible values are: `chrome`<!-- -->, `firefox`<!-- -->. Defaults to `chrome`<!-- -->.

